needed effects
metaxalone
active ingredient
skelaxin
unwanted side effects
medical attention
metaxalone side effects
medical attention
body
medicine
side effects
health care professional
side effects
following side effects
nausea
vomiting
gastrointestinal upset
drowsiness
dizziness
headache
frequency
leukopenia
hemolytic anemia
anaphylactoid reaction
hypersensitivity reaction
rash
pruritus
frequency
jaundice
frequency
false-positive benedict
tests
unknown reducing substance
glucose-specific test
findings
nervousness
irritability
side effects of skelaxin
fda
healthcare professional for medical advice
stomach pain
leg pains
black, tarry stools
bleeding gums
chest pain
chills
cough
dark urine
difficulty in breathing
swallowing
dizziness
fast heartbeat
fever
general body swelling
headache
itching
loss of appetite
nausea or vomiting
nosebleeds
difficult urination
pale skin
rash
shortness of breath
skin itching
rash
redness
sore throat
sores
ulcers
white spots on the lips
mouth
swelling of the face
throat
tongue
swollen glands
unpleasant breath odor
unusual bleeding
bruising
unusual tiredness
weakness
vomiting of blood
yellowing of the eyes
skin
hives
puffiness
swelling of the eyelids
eyes
face
lips
tongue
tightness in the chest
wheezing
diarrhea
drowsiness
irritability
stomach cramps
vomiting